Yingying, you have crossed the line, since I have crossed the line
Then punish me.
Before I get mad
Leave quickly
Why is that?
Why haven't you been willing to touch me for so many years?
Humph
Ah, finally it's done.
What are you doing?
Why don't you go back so late?
Broken
If the crew finds out, I will secretly design the drawings
Will definitely scold me
I'm sorting out tomorrow's meeting materials hum
I can't even install it.
Lie again
Ah you don't
Sorry.
I treat you as Xiuyuan again
It's okay, I don't blame you.
I also take you for someone else
Why so stupid
Always wrong
Sun Qian, why are you here?
I'm waiting for you to get off work.
What's up?
I heard your company is running a design submission campaign
The winner can participate in the Royal Bay project
Su Ran I hope
Don't give up on design
You must go!
Thanks.
I have already submitted
Really?
That's fine.
So we can work together
OK
I'll send you away. Walk
Hmph Su Ran
Do you want to participate in the Royal Police Officer's project?